This project demonstrates school work with system analysis and design

A.	Clinic Information Management System (PDF)

Purpose of report
The purpose of this report is to analyze our product which is NAIT Clinic Information Management Information System, and recommend a suitable business process to improve clinic growing, and a suitable training process to help the manager to enroll the students in training courses.  Moreover, the system provides many different information for patient, and will track the scheduling, patient flow, and patient account. 

This report will also discuss how main audiences (clerks, instructors, students, and managers) operate this system and it will analyze the system and provide some recommendations.

This report will analyze the system and provide some recommendations.
1.	The report will show how this system stores and processes data
2.	This report will show the system requirements for business process and training process
3.	The analysis of report will include the benefits and risks of stakeholders
4.	A summary and recommendations will be provided for the client



B.	Clinic Information Management System (PDF)

The purpose of this report is to help the company identity the problems within the current information system, and reduce the risks for the company. Therefore, there are some problems of the system should be considered.

1.	The current system is inefficient. Through modifying, the company will get a more effective system which could reduce the re-working steps and make the processes more efficient.

2.	The company do not have an integrated database, so it is difficult to get orders information between different processes. However, if the integrated database is created and used, these information can be retrieved quickly and easily.

3.	Interacting with costumer is the key point for sales. However, there is no efficient systems which can make company contact with costumer conveniently. Therefore, the company needs a system which can provide better customer service and satisfaction to increase their sales.


C. intromaps_311SnowComplains.twbx (Tableau Public)

This graph was made during the workshop of International Open Data Day 2018. The graph contains Snow on Walk Complaint from Edmonton’s various Neighborhood. 
The data was obtained from Edmonton Open Data Portal via 311 Snow on Walk Complaints.
